my mother is still
it's always
ecological of Frejus and welcome to
African land was held to clarify
the pharmacies in front of him it's a
the stepped sole 22 and is
name bilka and will hold up and an ip
drinkable june 2010 it is drawn in africa
along the rivers what had it the
nickname of the hair of the rivers it weighs 2
after tons and the woman is that face
before that fall around and that's
the second for the terrestrial mammal
after the tarawih after him
were proposing until this fall
the arrival of tan tan and tall manioc
illegally and rubi ball will therefore go out
the fate of the water can feed it goes
go to vote up to 40 kg dème so
it's very little compared to that and
his size simply he's going
stay all day in the years
do nothing then here the zoo
of frejus is there a part of his ration
of bread in the morning finally last part
the afternoon we were very worried but
so put the sweaters and beggars that
donald kohn but my colleague is his
small taste on the whole France knee
and enjoy the green life
aquatic people do not pipa too
to rim that automatically closes the
back home is a little less than
ears where the nostrils solid and
horizontally the effect that you have super
dota but in the water it's only
these three young people who had certainly that
so lets him for fear of going out and
therefore to protect his territory
because despite the placid impacts
glitches charge it up to 40 km east and
it is the animal that makes the most of
casualties
indeed 40
but
and yet the daughter company that is
were of very high quality of very
long roots that in some
individuals may weigh more than 40 cm
so this waterfront cuddle is very
high-class wealthy woman's just
feel everything falling into beautiful because
it is indeed thanks to the power of
their wool that they manage to tear off
their only two
here are the hippopotamuses have the
same doc name to any habit
green and a supporter of the great clubs of
melay funds of greece weigh if he wants
the rents here is this complex of our
look a bit like dolphins
just now you have in plates of
mahler who serve her just a
hlm or even burn them the beggars that
a welcome and a clip and tam is
with the biggest mouth in the
terrestrial mammals and will act at 150
degrees
they are gregarious animals stadia
that they live a group was going to be that
bella it alone thank you and good reason
that his installation are on
lands that we answer the municipality
Frejus is therefore a brand new
facility is doing the other
Scout camp is full of African cum
in the lower part of the park jarry very
soon joined by another
congeners that's our call would not
just not nice because these ten
recent years the zoo
most beautiful part of all
births were practically only
males so we have to stop the
reproduction of this species at
european with one game on the bias
of nature but also the 45th dive
the birth he has our source
sports at the speed of some of
our French swimmers had last
olympic games of the sea
among other features on
hippos and I hope he will use
the impression that bic is in the process of
crying and well done no it's when he
will stay too long out of the water
the integrity of the system can hydrate them
just like their job in case of strong
heats secret share a kind of
some are thinking some kind of cream this
to avoid sunburn and
Insect bites